# Chan Zuckerberg Landscaping Toolkit

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

``` python
#hide
from nbdev import *
#from your_lib.core import *
```

![General proposed workflow for Landscaping
systems](https://lucid.app/publicSegments/view/fff0cc6d-c52d-447d-80ce-2f99f8ac0d29/image.png)

Image source on LucidDraw:
[Link](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/a49ee803-ac2d-47ac-a628-492f95dd9346/edit?viewport_loc=2%2C-253%2C2225%2C1488%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_d95f59bf-a965-4f07-a30e-4da281aab979)

CZI adheres to the Contributor Covenant [code of
conduct](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report
unacceptable behavior to <opensource@chanzuckerberg.com>.

Please note: If you believe you have found a security issue, please
responsibly disclose by contacting us at <security@chanzuckerberg.com>.

## Install

`pip install git+https://github.com/GullyBurns/czLandscapingTk.git`

## How this system was built:

This libray is built on
[databricks_to_nbdev_template](https://github.com/GullyBurns/databricks_to_nbdev_template),
which is modified version of
[nbdev_template](https://github.com/fastai/nbdev_template) tailored to
work with databricks notebooks.

The steps to contributing to the development of this library are based
on a development pipeline that uses databricks. This means that this
work will mainly be driven internally from with the CZI tech team: 1.
Clone this library from within databricks. 2. Place your scripts and
utility notebooks in subdirectories of the `databricks` folder in the
file hierarchy. 3. Any databricks notebooks that contain the text:
`from nbdev import *` will be automatically converted to Jupyter
notebooks that live at the root level of the repository. 4. When you
push this repository to Github from Databricks, Jupyter notebooks will
be built, added to the repo and then processed by nbdev to generate
modules and documentation (refer to https://nbdev.fast.ai/ for full
documentation on how to do this). Note that pushing code to Github will
add and commit *more* code to github, requiring you to perform another
`git pull` to load and refer to the latest changes in your code.

## High-level Design: The Surveying Knowledge Task

This project is focussed on provide a suite of generalizable tools that
can be used by knowledge analysts to implement solutions for surveying
tasks. The basic structure of this class of data analysis can be
described in the following way:

### Goal

An analytic task, where we attempt to *answer a question* by (A)
surveying existing data sources, (B) compiling an intermedical knowledge
corpus drawn from those sources, (C) analysing that corpus to yield an
answer to the question.

### Typical Example

1.  Identifying a set of Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) with specialized
    expertise in an understudied area.
2.  Performing a systematic review of available treatments for a
    specific rare disease
3.  Developing (and using) reproducible impact metrics for a funded
    scientific program to study what is working and what is not.

### Terminology + Implementation Design

- **`Question`** - A natural language expression of the research
  question that is the objective of the task
- **`Study Data Sources`** - List of avaiable information sources that
  can be interrogated by executors of the task
- **`Information Retrieval Query`** (`IR Query`) - A list of
  logically-defined queries that can be run over the data sources
- **`Inclusion / Exclusion Criteria`** - Logical operators to determine
  if retrieved data should be included in the study
- **`Intermediate Corpus`** - Schema and Data of the collection of
  documents gathered from external information sources
- **`Analysis`** - Workflow specification of analyses to be performed
  over the intermediate corpus to generate an `Answer`
- **`Answer`** - The answer to the `question` expressed in natural
  language with a full explanation of the provenance of how the answer
  was computed.

### Organizational Model

![General proposed workflow for Landscaping
systems](https://lucid.app/publicSegments/view/fea24e0a-61c7-4807-8ea2-e4859753c31b/image.png)

Image source on LucidDraw:
[Link](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/68ab2fbd-bbad-4573-92a2-10d5bc5f207b/edit?viewport_loc=-324%2C-503%2C3077%2C2403%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_ea8ab8dd-4284-4fb3-93b7-2eb530ce1ccb)

Adopting the CommonKADS knowledge engineering design process, we
consider the interplay between agents (swimlanes), processes, and items
in the figure. In particular, we seek to characterize how knowledge is
needed, used, or derived in the workflow.

The goal of this project is to provide code to execute the processes
described above to provide an extensible set of executable computational
tools to automate the process shown.
